Doc Getting Started  "Using Plugins" update (#234)
amplication/docs: docs/getting-started/plugins.md

MongoDB is used to store and retrieve large amounts of data in real-time, and it is often used in situations where high performance and horizontal scaling are required.

#### PostgreSQL

[PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) is a free and open-source relational database management system that is designed to be highly scalable, reliable, and powerful. It is known for its ability to handle large amounts of data and a high volume of queries. 

PostgreSQL can handle complex data structures and relationships. It supports a wide range of data types, including arrays, JSON, and XML, and it has robust support for stored procedures, triggers, and views.

#### MySQL

[MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) is an open-source relational database management system that is widely used in web applications and other software platforms. It is known for its reliability, simplicity, and performance. It is a powerful tool for storing and managing data in a structured and organized way.

#### Kafka

> [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) is a distributed streaming platform, used for building real-time data pipelines and streaming applications. It is a publish-subscribe messaging system that allows for the creation of high-throughput and low-latency systems.

Reviewer: We generate the Kafka client based on the [NestJS Kafka](https://docs.nestjs.com/microservices/kafka) that uses another Kafka client and not apache Kafka. This Kafka client is [KafkaJS](https://kafka.js.org/). 

```suggestion
[KafkaJS](https://kafka.js.org/) is a distributed streaming platform, used for building real-time data pipelines and streaming applications. It is a publish-subscribe messaging system that allows for the creation of high-throughput and low-latency systems.
```
